             Implementor's Guide to Scribbler Library
                by Aaron Hsu <arcfide@sacrideo.us>
           Last Modified: Thu Dec 18 22:04:07 EST 2008
                  Copyright (c) 2008 Aaron Hsu.
              See LICENSE for distribution details.


Other than the informaion in the User's Guide, as an implementor,
you should take note of low level communication procedures.

The Scribbler robot takes 8-byte command packets, and returns its
result as a ~20-byte packet (with some exceptions) that has 8 bytes
of echo.  Most of the informaion you need it documents on the IPRE
wiki, which can be found linked in the User's Guide.

Most of the code in this library correspondes to the Python library
in some way or another.  In general, the code is self-explanatory.
However, the intelhex code can be confusing.  The intelhex procedures
are reading a file consisting of bytes of data corresponding to a
set of records, and parsing them according to their type.  These
results are then written out.  However, this code is still expirimental
and likely has large and egregious bugs in it.

The code is written at the moment with the thought that other robots
will be connected, and not just one.  This is why a parameter
pointing to the "connected" robot is not used, and instead, at this
stage, we favor an explicit object passing style.  In the future,
we will change this so that there is a queue of robots in a parameter,
and they can be referenced by name, or there can be a default
selected that will be used when no robot is specified.

Still, any changes should keep in mind the interface decisions
mentioned in the User's Guide.

Read the technical details in the IPRE website for more information.

PORTING TO OTHER SYSTEMS

There are two system dependent functions required for Scribbler.ss to
operate. 

SLEEP should take a sleep time in seconds (possibly floating), and sleep
for that amount of time. It should have at least milisecond precision. 

CONNECT-SCRIBBLER should take the name of the scribbler robot, for
example, the COM port on Windows, or the TTY or Bluetooth name on
OpenBSD, and should return an input port, an output port, and a
disconnect procedure. This disconnect procedure is run after closing
both ports when the scribbler is disconnected.

Two system files in the sys directory should be created:

	sys/${MT}.ss
	sys/${MT}-objs.ss

where ${MT} is the name of the system to which you are porting as
returned by MACHINE-TYPE. the objs.ss file should contain any
pre-definition loading expressions that must be run outside of the
module for some reason, this would usually be a series of
LOAD-SHARED-OBJECT expressions. the .ss file should contain a module
which exports (automatically) SLEEP and CONNECT-SCRIBBLER.

